[tense music]
♪
Did they see us?
Just keep going.
♪
[grunts]
[phone vibrating]
I have a text from Tyler.
Open it up. What did he say?
You can't be serious.
Come on, it'll take our
minds off our impending doom.
"What's up?"
Wow, solid question. What is up?
Well, we're in a cemetery
burying your step-brother.
Cops are here. FML.
I can't say that.
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
Say nothing.
- Okay.
- Oh, God.
No, you dense flower.
Answer by saying nothing. Type nothing.
No, I see now how that sounds confusing.
Just give me the phone.
_
[phone chimes]
[phone vibrates]
Is that "Infinite Jest?"
There's no way he's
read that whole book.
- Yes, he did.
- No, he didn't.
No one's read that whole book.
David Foster Wallace didn't
even read that whole book.
Out in the open.
Keep your hands where we can see them.
♪
Synced and corrected by Chitorafa
www.addic7ed.com
_
Um... where is the car?
[bleep]!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Nothing about this is okay.
Will you stop saying that?
Oh.
He was definitely dead, right?
He couldn't have, like, climbed in...
Driven my car away? Unlikely.
Did you park in a loading zone?
No.
This is a loading zone.
Then yeah.
It's clearly marked everywhere.
Okay, your tone right
now is really hostile,
and I feel like you're attacking me
for something that
is equally your fault.
- My fault?
- We were both in the car.
I mean, you should've told me
that I was parking in a loading zone
that just kind of comes out of nowhere.
If anything, it's, like, 80% your fault.
- That math is ridiculous.
- I agree.
It is ridiculous, so
you should have told me
I was parking in a loading zone.
And another thing, who
takes their bright pink
sorority backpack to
vigilante target practice?
Wow, you know, sorry I'm not an expert.
I would've been fine
had you not murdered him
with a wrench with your bare hands.
Oh, this is my fault?
You got knocked out cold.
You probably would've died.
You're welcome.
Oh, also, when are we
gonna talk about the fact
that your boyfriend
back there is related
to the... later, got it.
Okay.
How long does it take for
a body to start to smell?
- [phone chimes]
- Hey, Siri.
How long does it take
before a body... oh.
[phone chimes]
What is wrong with you?
Me? Why don't you just call
up the police and ask them?
I mean, that's basically
what you're doing
by keeping a digital
record of that question
on anything less than
an unsigned IP proxy.
- What?
- Give me your phone.
[phone chimes]
Secure network now.
Just call the tow place.
Oh, hi... yes.
You might have a car
there that is an Impala.
Yes, that's correct.
That's great.
We can come and pick it up.
Oh, it's not there?
Oh, could you give me the address?
140 Union Avenue.
Okay, that's great.
Oh, and how much is that going to be?
Um... okay, great.
Thank you.
It's going to be $2,000.
How can it possibly be that expensive?
You know, I should just call
my dad now and just tell him
- that I'm going to jail.
- Whoa, whoa.
Don't go looking up the
recipe for toilet wine yet.
I...I can cover this.
[upbeat music]
♪
Sorry. Just me.
Hey, where you been?
I've been so worried.
I've been calling and texting.
I'm sorry, we're not open yet.
- Oh, she's with me.
- Oh?
New friend.
What kind of friend?
Not that kind.
- I...
- She's my tutor.
What in God's name are you doing?
My car got towed. I
need some of my bud fund.
Ophelia, what if someone tries
to buy one of these albums?
Yes, I see what you did there.
[chuckles]
Is everything okay?
O, I've never seen
you this rattled about
your car being towed.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm... I'm good.
Didn't sleep much. Feeling
cool. Feeling alive.
Did you fall asleep working again?
Yeah, I was prepping for
my Law Journal interview.
Finished writing my essay last night.
Wrote about the Darlington
Slasher case from '82.
Figured it couldn't hurt
to throw some school history in there.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, I'm gonna need
to take all of this.
No.
O, I said no.
I will pay you back. I swear.
So, you are gonna crush
that meeting today.
See you later.
[bell rings]
It was nice to meet you.
Even with the register
cash, we're still 500 short.
How is this store still in business?
I mean, I guess that we could
use the sorority petty cash.
We have, like, $1,000 at my house.
- Oh, like a drug fund?
- No, no, it's for necessities.
Like, supplies for
parties. That kind of thing.
Yeah, drug fund.
Yeah, let's go get that.
[quirky music]
Oh, baby. So good.
- Was that Jules's room?
- I don't know.
Come on. I'm so close.
No, I think it was her.
You know, she didn't
come home last night,
and I just need to see if it's her.
I'm worried, you know?
I'm sorry. I'll be back.
Fine, but bring that
fine ass back to bed ASAP.
[chuckles] Okay.
I'm not done with you.
[chuckles]
Hey, Jules.
[sighs]
♪
I'm going to need all of
that money back tonight.
- Sure thing.
- _
- Are you sure this is the right way?
Wait.
- [tense music]
- _
No way.
♪
Okay, all right, so what's
the... what's the plan here?
Just let me handle it.
- Jules.
- Hi.
What can I do for you, doll?
My friend over there?
She got her car towed.
Give me just a minute, girls.
Great.
What the balls is going on right now?
Why are you Princess Police?
My dad is a cop.
I'm sorry, my brain just
shorted out a little.
Your... your father is a police cop?
Yeah, well, technically he's a sheriff,
but he made friends with
Ballard when I moved to college
and told him to watch out for me.
My dad's a little bit overprotective.
Oh, fantastic.
Really, I didn't think this was
gonna get any worse than murder.
Thank you for proving my thesis wrong.
Can you not say murder
in this police station?
You two are in big trouble.
20 outstanding parking tickets?
Yep. That's on me.
That explains why it's so pricey.
Hello, I'm Ophelia
Mayer, automobile owner.
Yeah, so we have the cash.
If we could just get the car and leave,
we will... get the car and leave.
That sounds like a plan, ladies.
So it's the 2,000 quoted
plus an additional 200 for processing.
- We only have the 2,000.
- Unfortunately,
I can't bring you the car
until everything's paid up.
I have cash in the car.
But, Jules, I bet if you
asked the boss personally,
he'd let it slide this once.
Of course.
[distant sirens wailing]
No, Mom.
I know, but I can't sit here anymore.
I keep playing it back in my head.
It's like I'm watching it
like it didn't happen to me.
I didn't even want to go to that party.
I feel so helpless, Mom.
[sniffles]
I'll call you back a little later.
I love you too.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
Ophelia Mayer.
Hailey McMahon.
Look, I'm sorry.
I...I've been here all morning,
and I still haven't filed my complaint.
They just keep me wait
in different areas.
I'm just very tired.
Can I do anything for
you? Get you anything?
I'm okay. Thanks.
- Title IX is the school, right?
- Yeah.
They didn't know?
They said I didn't have a case,
so now I'm here and they clearly
don't want to help me either.
You know, when the cops come back out,
can you tell them that I left?
I don't want to make a statement.
Shouldn't you just...
_
[exhales deeply]
[dark music]
[exhales sharply]
Pull it together, bitch.
They're bringing the car around.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Super impressive stuff here.
Thank you very much.
I've honestly been working
toward being a part of the Law Journal
since I started at Darlington.
Your tenacity and drive
is very refreshing.
I was raised by a single
mother who worked three jobs.
She did everything to get me here,
and I'm not looking
to let that woman down.
- She's terrifying.
- [chuckles]
I'm really looking forward
to reading your essay.
You wouldn't believe how
many cookie cutter papers
we get about that
Darlington murder case.
What? That silly murder case?
[chuckles] That's crazy.
Why would anyone write about that?
That's so dumb.
Tell me about it.
Well, it was so nice to meet you.
If you could send that
essay in sometime soon,
that would be great.
Thank you so much for taking
the time to meet with me.
I truly appreciate it.
You will have that paper toute suite.
[clears throat]
Toute suite?
What are you doing, man?
I think burying him in the
cemetery is our best option.
Unless, of course, we do
the "Breaking Bad" thing.
No, we're not dissolving him in acid.
Stop suggesting that.
The cemetery's good. It's inconspicuous.
We just have to be so careful today.
Well, the garage is spotless.
I have the wrench in my trunk.
Once we bury him,
we're kind of home free.
What's next? How do
you pick your targets?
There was this girl in
the station, and she...
I'm sorry. "Home free?"
There's a dead human being
in the trunk of your car.
Is none of this landing on you?
Oh, it's landing,
'cause I can smell him.
Oh, that reminds me.
I looked it up, and we
have to put ice in the trunk
of your car to slow the decomposition.
He's probably already leaking.
Leaking? What do you mean, leaking?
The dead guy is shitting in my trunk?
Who is that? Is that
the girl who sells weed?
That's weird. Did you know
that she was friends with Jules?
Is that who she was with last night?
Thank you, Mackenzie.
Okay, I'm gonna go.
I'll see you at 5:00.
No, you have to... take your
hand off the... it's over there.
- Just unlock it.
- You have to unlock it.
It's on the top of the
door. It's right over there.
It's on top. Just unlock it.
I can't believe you're a vigilante.
It's stuck on this side.
[grunts]
Don't do anything stupid today.
Okay, bye. I'll see you later.
[thud]
- I'm sorry.
- Jesus Christ.
- I know.
- Do you? Do you know?
- Last night was...
- Oh, girl, I am not done.
First, you blow off the
study session I planned.
You're out all night,
and now you're hanging out
with the campus weed dealer?
She's a tutor. She's... she's my tutor.
We were just... we
were studying all night,
and then I just bumped into this guy
that I met at the party last week.
A boy? Oh, my God.
You should've led with
that. So what happened?
We just talked all night.
Mm-hmm.
I'm actually seeing him again later.
Oh, cool. You're gonna be back
for the scavenger hunt, though, right?
Definitely.
Hey, I'm really glad
that you found someone.
Also, if you ever stay
out all night again
without texting me, I will kill you.
- Okay.
- Love you.
Love you.
_
[phone chimes]
[keys clatter]
[door shuts]
[suspenseful music]
♪
_
[suspenseful music]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[chatter continues]
♪
[door opens]
[chattering students approach]
Whoo, I know you boys
must be tired of me
wiping you up on the court every day.
Man, shut up.
- [laughs]
- Stupid.
[exhales sharply]
Hey, you guys seen that
new Chloe Freeman tit pic?
God bless being able
to screenshot a Snap.
Am I right?
What's wrong, Dalton?
Don't like it when
we talk about titties?
Come on, man, we're just
having a little fun, you know?
Ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti.
Man, you allergic to titties, man?
[doorbell rings]
I'll get it.
Hi. You ready?
Yeah. You look great.
I'm just gonna grab my bag.
Stay here.
So this is the famous Tyler.
Oh, I guess so.
And you're the famous...?
Kennedy. Best friend of Jules.
President of Zeta. Lover of Oprah.
Solid resume.
Hey, so how's your green-haired friend?
She seemed pretty bombed last night.
- Oh, that weed girl?
- Oh, yeah.
She's fine, and we're not friends.
She's just my tutor.
Oh, okay. Beans Bar is not a place
for a study session,
but I dig it.
Okay, great.
I'm so glad that you guys met,
and I will be back for
the scavenger hunt later.
Okay.
- Oh, God!
- I know how you feel.
It sucks when your best friend
replaces you with someone else.
It's hard to believe, but it's
happened to me three times.
You just have to squeeze the sadness
up into a little ball
and then push that ball
down, and then you're okay.
Hey, do you guys have the
number for the weed girl?
I need some bud.
[dramatic music]
♪
_
- [phone vibrating]
- _
_
Please sit. I wanted
to have a little chat.
I feel like I don't know you at all.
Yeah, yeah, you don't,
and that's... that's okay.
So I heard you're "tutoring" Jules.
Sure am. Why the air quotes?
Well, I mean, don't
you sell answer keys?
No, no, I steal tests, not answer keys.
- I know.
- No, I don't think you do.
I steal the tests,
then I take the tests.
So I don't steal the answer keys.
Anyways, Jules does not take shortcuts,
so we're just going over her work.
Making sure she stays on track.
- Jules.
- Ah, that is her name.
How much do you want to buy?
- So what's your major?
- Undeclared.
Indica or Sativa?
- But aren't you a junior?
- Yeah.
Are you gonna buy any weed?
Have you heard of the
lifestyle brand Yes, Girl?
The site about juice
and skincare products?
Oh, yeah, but it is
so much more than that.
I really think you might like it.
It might help you harness
your inner goddess.
- You have such cool hair.
- Thank you.
You have a very calming presence.
I know.
You know, I'm really glad
that we got to have this talk.
You know, it's nice
to get to know someone
that Jules is gonna be
spending so much time with.
Oh, no, no, no. That's for you.
So I'm glad you texted me.
I left pretty soon
after you did last night.
Yeah, my step-brother never showed.
Wouldn't be surprised if
he's on another bender.
What... oh.
That was... that was way too
much information, wasn't it?
Wow. I am crushing this date.
Oh, this is a date?
Well, it's not... not a date.
Sorry, I tend to talk
a lot when I'm nervous.
Yes, "Grey's Anatomy." I remember.
You don't have to be
nervous around me, though.
I'm harmless.
Yeah, I think that's, you know,
what makes it so easy
for me to go full weirdo.
You have a very disarming quality.
My dad was like that, you know?
Just had this warmth about
him that was so calming.
- Was?
- Cancer.
Died when I was 12.
We're part of the same club.
Your dad?
No, mom. Car accident when I was nine.
- I'm so sorry.
- Oh, it's okay.
Hey, we got it out of the
way. There's nothing worse
than someone asking what
your parents do and...
You tell them what your
dad does and they go,
"Oh, what about your mom?"
And then you have to say they're dead,
and there's just no
coming back from that.
Oh, my gosh. Exactly.
Yeah, we talk about it all
at all the club meetings.
- [phone chimes]
- Oh, sorry.
_
Shoot. Um...
I actually have to get going.
Damn. Okay.
It was nice to hang with you.
Uh-huh. Absolutely.
- I'm so screwed.
- Will you calm down?
No, I can't calm down.
I'm watching my entire
life slip away from me
with every passing moment
that I don't have a
topic for this essay.
Okay, that is the most dramatic sentence
I've ever heard. Congrats.
[sighs]
Thank God it's peanut
butter Tuesday at Fro Yo.
[bell rings]
Don't worry, I got it.
Miles, Miles, Miles.
Are you here for that
new One Direction vinyl?
No. I'm Zayn all the way, baby.
I got your text.
It's so beautiful.
And all of this can be yours
for the low price of two grand.
Half for a G.
Hey, this isn't a flea market.
Oh, it's not a flea market?
Okay. Let's go, Nate.
Okay, okay. Half for a thousand.
- Split it?
- I am so down.
- Do you take Venmo?
- Totally.
O? Are you selling weed?
Nope.
[bell rings]
Oh, snap. What up, Julesy?
Miles, wow, what are...
what are you doing here?
Fire sale, baby.
Miles needs his medicine.
Also, I'm with Nate.
Hey.
Hi.
Okay, well, thank you guys so
much for shopping at Vinylton.
Really, let me know if you guys
have any more marijuana needs.
- You're strong.
- Bye.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Hey, got to go. Jules
and I have a study sesh.
Wait, wait. No, you can't go.
- I need you.
- No, you don't.
You are the smartest person
I know who isn't myself.
So just put some Kanye on,
feel yourself as much as I feel you,
and let the fro yo open your mind.
Okay. You're right.
You're damn right I'm right.
[sighs]
Ready for this?
Nope.
Tonight, you will depart as boys,
but you will return as men.
This night was designed
to test you mentally...
Physically,
and emotionally.
Tonight,
you will prove your worth,
to yourself
and to the brotherhood
of Omega Theta!
[all cheering]
[air horn blaring]
Quick Q. N.B.D.
What do we do with the
hands after we remove them?
Do we each keep one?
We incinerate them. Same with the teeth.
There's a landfill on
the way back to campus.
It incinerates garbage. It's open late.
Great, yep, super chill
that you know that.
There's two ways to identify a body:
fingerprints and teeth.
And the only way of disposing
of them is incinerating them.
My dad used to work homicide
before he became a Sheriff.
Of course. Of course he did.
Classic, your dad.
- [grunts]
- So do you feel better now?
[panting]
Why would this make me feel better?
Well, isn't this the guy that...
No, he's...
no, he's not.
How do you know?
Well, that whole
"things happening" speech
from last night.
That and the fact that all the dudes
you attack are rapists.
No judgment from me.
I think you're amazing.
[phone vibrating]
_
Wow.
That kid has fantastic timing.
What do you think he wants?
I don't know. I'm not gonna look.
- Hey.
- Ow.
Oh, my God, dude. Get a password.
You're a vigilante for Christ's sake.
_
Wow.
This kid's in real deep.
[crunching]
Can you grab his hand?
One, two, three.
Three.
[grunts]
Okay, I just need to roll it in.
Do you need me for that?
'Cause I feel like, you
know, you can do that
'cause you're such a
strong and powerful woman,
and so beautiful...
- Get up and help me.
- Okay.
[grunting]
- [police siren chirps]
- What the balls is that?
Just put the shovels over here and run.
- Where?
- Just run.
[tense music]
♪
- Are you sure they're here?
- Positive.
Okay, what do we do now?
I don't know.
I really, really don't know.
Omega Theta rules!
[bleep] the police!
Whoo!
What?
[police siren blaring]
Freeze.
[dramatic music]
♪
What the hell?
Where were you ten minutes ago?
I was getting fro yo.
Look at the ground, man.
I waited all week for that.
You can only get the
peanut butter on Tuesdays.
Veach, cuff him.
Have him wait here. I'm
gonna check out his story.
I think he's one of the
guys from the graveyard.
- Sorry, man.
- Wait, wait.
You can't just cuff me, man.
- I didn't... I didn't do anything.
- You matched the description.
If I were you, I'd just
sit there and be quiet.
Black male, 5'11", wearing a hoodie.
Is the suspect wearing
a fraternity insignia?
No, no insignia.
Release him.
All right, you can go.
What a surprise.
I'm so tired, my whole
body feels like noodles.
[clicks, whirs]
Oh, no.
[indistinct chatter]
What now?
The scavenger hunt. Oh, God.
They take pictures
of all of their tasks,
and it's not digital
pictures. It's Polaroids.
Why didn't you tell me that earlier?
[breathing heavily]
Okay, finish this,
put the stuff in the car,
and then drive to the
entrance of the cemetery.
But what are you gonna do?
[distorted voice] Handling that picture.
[tense music]
[grunts]
♪
Phi Gamma for life!
- You have to unlock it.
- Just open the door.
[tires screeching]
You got that cash?
Oh, I left it at the record store,
but I can have it in an hour.
Okay, cool.
Just climb in through my window.
It's top left. There's a ladder.
[line trilling]
Hello?
Hey, Mom.
What do you need, Ophelia?
Nothing.
Let me guess.
You were caught
selling grass again?
No, 'cause it isn't 1972.
Well, we both know
you aren't calling me
to ask how my day was.
I need 500.
I'll put it into the account now.
I have to go.
Night, dear.
[Wildes' "Bare" playing]
♪ ♪
So I've got all of
your money right here.
Thanks.
And...
I've got...
♪ Throw me down ♪
♪ I'll steal the moon ♪
What is this?
That is our next guy.
I know you said we should
wait to talk till later,
which was smart because we
had a lot on our hands today,
so I did the initial recon...
Just stop. Stop talking.
♪
There is no next guy.
We're done here.
It's over, Ophelia.
A person is dead.
A rapist is dead.
A rapist who would've killed you,
so forgive me for not wanting
to pour one out for that scumbag.
I...
Hey, what happened to
making things right?
To helping people?
I don't know.
I'm just... I'm not the person
that you think I am, okay?
I can't... I can't
save you or anyone else.
I just want to go back to my old life.
This whole thing was a huge mistake.
♪ And seen me covered up ♪
♪ Maybe I'm not scared ♪
Do your friends even
know what happened to you?
♪ You've seen me here ♪
♪ And held me miles away ♪
It's time for you to leave.
♪ Underneath my skin ♪
I see you for who you really are,
and if that scares you, fine,
but I'm a real friend and...
We are not friends, Ophelia.
You are completely demented.
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
At least I'm not a coward.
♪ I could take you there ♪
Don't contact me again.
Don't worry. I won't.
♪ And you the one for me ♪
Jules, how's your week been?
Well, it's kind of a long story.
Basically, I was raped last
year by Nate, your boyfriend,
and the school did literally nothing.
I mean, they were such a-holes.
So I went home for the summer
and I trained really hard
and I came back as... I don't know.
I guess I'm like a vigilante.
Ugh, that word is so masculine.
Will Powell and Tommy
Cope? Both my handiwork,
and I was gonna beat
up that Carter Fischer.
You know, that baseball alum?
But then this girl, Ophelia...
oh, you know Ophelia.
She's the weed dealer
from the record store.
She turned up when I was
knocked out and killed Carter.
Such a mess. So last night,
we buried Carter's dead body
in the cemetery over on Knoll,
and it's been a weird couple of months.
Oh, and I recently cut out gluten.
- [snaps fingers]
- [hip-hop music plays]
- Hello, Jules?
- Sorry.
I got lost in my own head for a minute.
My week was fine.
Nothing special.
Ophelia, can I read you something?
[chatter playing]
[snaps fingers]
What? What's up?
- Are you okay?
- I don't know.
Gas?
Emotional gas.
Jules no longer needs
my tutoring services.
Aw. What happened?
That is a long story.
It's been a weird week.
I just want to put everything
behind me and go back to normal.
A little cryptic, but okay.
Come on. Tell me about your paper.
Well... you won't believe this.
So I'm walking down the boulevard,
and you know I wanted
my peanut butter fro yo.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I'm hearing "freeze"...
[dramatic music]
♪
Yeah, I'm gonna write
about race issues on campus.
It's crazy that in a school
as prestigious as this,
racism is still so prevalent.
You got to make it right.
Blows my mind.
Just got to make it right.
[Phoebe Ryan's "Mine" playing]
♪ When it went down ♪
♪ It was so hard to breathe ♪
♪ I gave up everything ♪
♪ In a slow fall ♪
♪ Down to the floor ♪
♪ Life was escaping me ♪
♪ I couldn't find myself ♪
♪ Till it was all lost ♪
♪ Not anymore ♪
♪ I'm holding on to all the
pieces of my heart's debris ♪
♪ Till it's time ♪
♪ I'll... I'll pull it together
and fix myself eventually ♪
♪ And know it's mine ♪
♪ I found gold
in the wreckage ♪
♪ Put it on a necklace ♪
♪ Keeping it 'cause I, I,
I, I know that it's mine ♪
♪ I wear it like a message ♪
♪ So I don't forget it ♪
♪ Keeping it 'cause I, I,
I, I know that it's mine ♪
♪
[knocking]
Can I come in?
I'm not here to cause any trouble,
but, um...
I found something that
I think you need to see.
And if after you see this
you can just walk away,
then I will never bother you again.
I will become vapor.
- [dark music]
- _
♪
I know I wasn't...
But I need this too.
♪
We're doing this for different reasons,
but that doesn't mean there
aren't people out there
who need our help.
♪
The school needs its Batman.
[rousing music]
♪
[suspenseful music]
[clank]
- [distorted voice] Think fast.
- Aah!
[grunting]
Do you know who I am? You
messed with the wrong guy.
[grunting]
Aah!
- Hey, heads up.
- [grunts]
Not so funny now, is it?
♪ There's a black
mark on her soul ♪
[grunts]
Look, I-I... I'm sorry. Please.
Please don't hurt me.
You know, the police may
not have taken Hailey's
claim seriously, but we do.
It's not gonna be easy to get drafted
with a looming rape charge against you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Touch a woman without consent again
- and we will be back.
- [groans]
♪ Try to breathe,
but I can't ♪
♪ 'Cause the air she
feeds me is damned ♪
♪ Got a touch like a thorn ♪
Psycho.
♪ 'Cause the girl,
she's hiding horns ♪
♪ She got blood cold as ice ♪
♪ And a heart made of stone ♪
♪ But she keeps me alive ♪
- [cracking]
- Aah!
[groaning]
Have a good season.
♪ Like it's nothing ♪
- Aah!
- ♪ She got two little horns ♪
♪ And they get
me a little bit ♪
♪
[groaning]
Aah!
Synced and corrected by Chitorafa
www.addic7ed.com